1. How does this access control work?
The shared states are hidden inside static local variables in functions
declared in an internal header. Only the library’s  source files include this
header, so user code that includes only indent.h cannot use those variables.
The user can modify those variables through the indent.h functions, which
have sanity checks to prevent undesired behavior (negative indentation, 
changing indentation after first call).

2. What could the user do to circumvent this access control, without
modifying the header file or library?
A user can only access the variables from the provided functions. So using
conventional cpp ways, it is not possible to circumvent the access control
without modifying the header file or library.

3. Why is a static local variable better than a static global one?
Using a static local variable is better than a static global one, because
global ones can be changed by any function in that file. So tracking where
the value is changed is much harder.

4. What is the reasoning behind using a separate source file for each function?
Keeping things modular. This is desirable because e.g. functions can be tested
more conveniently, and to avoid an executable from becoming too big by
using a certain function, that is in the same source file as another unused
function. Where the unused function will end up in the executable binary.
Besides that, recompiling is more efficient, since 1 change in a file will
cause the whole file to have to be recompiled, so separating functions will
save compilation time when something is changed in one of the functions.

5. Having many source files causes extra work for the compiler. Wherein lies
the bulk of this work?
The bulk of the work lies in rereading and processing header file inclusions
for each source file. Each source file is compiled independently, so even
if the same header is included in multiple files, the compiler has to parse
it every time. This includes  all declarations and definitions in the header.
Besides that, the compiler has to build symbol tables, check for duplicate
declarations, and perform template instantiations if templates are used.
All of this repeated work for every compilation unit can add up and slow
down compilation, especially when headers are large or heavily nested.

6. How do we help reduce the extra time that takes?
We can reduce the extra compilation time by minimizing the repeated parsing
of header files. This is achieved by using include guards to prevent a
header from being processed multiple times within the same
compilation unit. Finally, keeping headers small and focused ensures that
each source file includes only what it actually needs, reducing redundant
work and improving compilation efficiency.

7. Did you actually do that to create libindent.h? How can we see?
I have only included an include guard. The internal header is also small and
focused, but that is also due to the small nature of the program.
